Next step for application is to implement an email service to send emails when you forget or password.
This is what we're going to implement next.
So start by creating a new email service.
New service class here.
I will call it mail service.
I'll create a class.
This is a service class for spring.
Indeed.
I need to add to.
Um.
Attributes.
Private.
Final.
Java.
Mail.
Sender.
Java.
Mel.
Sender and private.
Final string.
Default.
Uh, front end.
I want these two properties.
I will add as constructor parameters here.
And this one as we did for every other configuration before we will use.
Um, we inject from configuration properties so value into be.
No sign.
You see the strings like this implication.
And.
If you gave this application tens.
He faults you?
Okay, I want to call it like this.
So if I zoom out, I starting with my Java emails and my default front end tomorrow.
So in here we need to add the default variable and we are using we starting with we reading list in
this case.
So we see that this property is used here and then we need to look into the methods that that we are
going to need to do to have this email service working, which is also important, and it's very important
and essential for the next step on an application.
So my constructor is here and we'll just need a method.
Public Void Send for growth message.
Message and I will needs an email.
I will need a token.
There will need to be zero.
Okay.
So it can coinbase u.
R l.
So how will this work?
I will take my URL.
If I don't have a basic URL in the method called, I will, uh.
It will be new.
Okay.
So my basic URL.
If it's not?
No,
then it would be zero.
Or else it would be default front on the euro.
Okay, that's my logic.
Then I will send a simple mail message.
New simple my message and I will in the message I will set from so in this case set from I will as an
imaginary email address here like this.
Okay.
So my imaginary email is your message said to me to be the email that I just provided in here.
So the one the one in the argument of the method, I will set the subject.
Subject will be.
Reset your password.
It must be said subject not to get subject.
And finally said text.
Set texts and then we left my text string here.
I will look to be a clickable um h html.
So Kido will do string format and then I will write.
Big.
Here.
To reset, synch your passwords like this.
And then these here it'll be.
It's stress.
He calls backslash.
Percentage as.
Here.
And then here I need.
Too close.
And here I will let you know.
And Stoke and they actually have an error here.
I just put one, but they need two.
So what they want is to send this and then to have reset and then to have my token.
Okay.
And we didn't build yet this and we didn't build this yet.
So it's a bit confusing because you don't know the structure of the endpoint, but basically it would
be a slush API slash reset slash token number and this is what we are going to get in these information.
So Java Mail sender sends email message message.
Okay, sent this and my service should be complete.
Then the only other thing that we have to do is to to change or else service a $0.02 to two, $0.02
to the message when we have to add the forward as well.
So we implemented a forgot here.
We will do.
Forgot forgot email.
I need to to inject it first on top.
So in this case, an email service.
Service.
I need to add it to my constructor.
It's here.
So in my here, I can just do my own service, send for God's message.
So I have my email here.
I have my token here.
And I have my original URL that I had prepared already.
So this should be it.
Now, how can we test this?
We're going to go over email.
Sender is not found.
He's.
What am I missing?
Mm hmm.
And it's configuration properties.
Yes.
I forgot was.
So here we need also.
Server, not server spring.
Spring.
Male Host And I will specify the host as this one and spring.
Male.
Fought to be one 0 to 5.
What is this?
So to test this, I.
I'm going to run a software called Mail Hog, okay?
It's a piece of software that runs and works as an email server where you can you can send emails.
So in this case, I will run it.
I have a path here to go.
And as you can see, there is a SMTP address running in 0.0.0.0 1025.
So this is a configuration that I are hit 0.0.00 1025 and I just go to this to the link.
So I have my inbox, my faking box here.
I received my application runs now.
Okay.
No, he's fine.
So I was able to instantiate only just two arguments were missing.
And then I would send the same forgot.
And we will see that first of all, in the database.
We will have two attempts.
We had one before and we have one now.
And in my email server, I have one email here.
Sync Reset your click here to reset your password.
So I'll be able to click here and reset the password.
That's that I need.